c:\users\huy.nguyenvan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PingYourPackage\PingYourPackage.API.WebHost\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\huy.nguyenvan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PingYourPackage\PingYourPackage.API.WebHost\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\huy.nguyenvan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PingYourPackage\PingYourPackage.API.WebHost\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\huy.nguyenvan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PingYourPackage\PingYourPackage.API.WebHost\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\huy.nguyenvan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PingYourPackage\PingYourPackage.API.WebHost\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\huy.nguyenvan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PingYourPackage\PingYourPackage.API.WebHost\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\huy.nguyenvan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PingYourPackage\PingYourPackage.API.WebHost\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\huy.nguyenvan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PingYourPackage\PingYourPackage.API.WebHost\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\huy.nguyenvan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PingYourPackage\PingYourPackage.API.WebHost\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\huy.nguyenvan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PingYourPackage\PingYourPackage.API.WebHost\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\huy.nguyenvan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PingYourPackage\PingYourPackage.API.WebHost\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\huy.nguyenvan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PingYourPackage\PingYourPackage.API.WebHost\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\huy.nguyenvan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PingYourPackage\PingYourPackage.API.WebHost\bin\PingYourPackage.API.WebHost.dll.config
c:\users\huy.nguyenvan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PingYourPackage\PingYourPackage.API.WebHost\bin\PingYourPackage.API.WebHost.dll
c:\users\huy.nguyenvan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PingYourPackage\PingYourPackage.API.WebHost\bin\PingYourPackage.API.WebHost.pdb
c:\users\huy.nguyenvan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PingYourPackage\PingYourPackage.API.WebHost\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\huy.nguyenvan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PingYourPackage\PingYourPackage.API.WebHost\bin\PingYourPackage.API.dll
c:\users\huy.nguyenvan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PingYourPackage\PingYourPackage.API.WebHost\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\huy.nguyenvan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PingYourPackage\PingYourPackage.API.WebHost\bin\Autofac.dll
c:\users\huy.nguyenvan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PingYourPackage\PingYourPackage.API.WebHost\bin\Autofac.Integration.WebApi.dll
c:\users\huy.nguyenvan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PingYourPackage\PingYourPackage.API.WebHost\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\huy.nguyenvan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PingYourPackage\PingYourPackage.API.WebHost\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\huy.nguyenvan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PingYourPackage\PingYourPackage.API.WebHost\bin\PingYourPackage.API.pdb
c:\users\huy.nguyenvan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PingYourPackage\PingYourPackage.API.WebHost\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\huy.nguyenvan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PingYourPackage\PingYourPackage.API.WebHost\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\huy.nguyenvan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PingYourPackage\PingYourPackage.API.WebHost\bin\Autofac.xml
c:\users\huy.nguyenvan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PingYourPackage\PingYourPackage.API.WebHost\bin\Autofac.Integration.WebApi.xml
c:\users\huy.nguyenvan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PingYourPackage\PingYourPackage.API.WebHost\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\huy.nguyenvan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PingYourPackage\PingYourPackage.API.WebHost\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\huy.nguyenvan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PingYourPackage\PingYourPackage.API.WebHost\obj\Debug\PingYourPackage.API.WebHost.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\huy.nguyenvan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PingYourPackage\PingYourPackage.API.WebHost\obj\Debug\PingYourPackage.API.WebHost.dll
c:\users\huy.nguyenvan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PingYourPackage\PingYourPackage.API.WebHost\obj\Debug\PingYourPackage.API.WebHost.pdb
C:\Users\huy.nguyenvan\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PingYourPackage\PingYourPackage.API.WebHost\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\huy.nguyenvan\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PingYourPackage\PingYourPackage.API.WebHost\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\huy.nguyenvan\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PingYourPackage\PingYourPackage.API.WebHost\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\huy.nguyenvan\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PingYourPackage\PingYourPackage.API.WebHost\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\huy.nguyenvan\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PingYourPackage\PingYourPackage.API.WebHost\bin\PingYourPackage.Domain.dll
C:\Users\huy.nguyenvan\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PingYourPackage\PingYourPackage.API.WebHost\bin\PingYourPackage.Domain.pdb
C:\Users\huy.nguyenvan\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PingYourPackage\PingYourPackage.API.WebHost\bin\WebApiDoodle.Web.dll
C:\Users\huy.nguyenvan\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PingYourPackage\PingYourPackage.API.WebHost\bin\WebApiDoodle.Web.Meta.dll
C:\Users\huy.nguyenvan\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PingYourPackage\PingYourPackage.API.WebHost\bin\WebApiDoodle.Web.xml
C:\Users\huy.nguyenvan\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PingYourPackage\PingYourPackage.API.WebHost\bin\WebApiDoodle.Web.Meta.xml
C:\Users\huy.nguyenvan\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PingYourPackage\PingYourPackage.API.WebHost\bin\PingYourPackage.API.Model.dll
C:\Users\huy.nguyenvan\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PingYourPackage\PingYourPackage.API.WebHost\bin\WebApiDoodle.Net.Http.Client.Model.dll
C:\Users\huy.nguyenvan\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PingYourPackage\PingYourPackage.API.WebHost\bin\PingYourPackage.API.Model.pdb
C:\Users\huy.nguyenvan\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PingYourPackage\PingYourPackage.API.WebHost\bin\WebApiDoodle.Net.Http.Client.Model.xml
C:\Users\huy.nguyenvan\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PingYourPackage\PingYourPackage.API.WebHost\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\huy.nguyenvan\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PingYourPackage\PingYourPackage.API.WebHost\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
