c:\users\huy.nguyenvan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PingYourPackage\PingYourPackage.API\bin\Debug\PingYourPackage.API.dll
c:\users\huy.nguyenvan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PingYourPackage\PingYourPackage.API\bin\Debug\PingYourPackage.API.pdb
c:\users\huy.nguyenvan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PingYourPackage\PingYourPackage.API\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\huy.nguyenvan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PingYourPackage\PingYourPackage.API\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\huy.nguyenvan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PingYourPackage\PingYourPackage.API\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\huy.nguyenvan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PingYourPackage\PingYourPackage.API\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\huy.nguyenvan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PingYourPackage\PingYourPackage.API\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\huy.nguyenvan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PingYourPackage\PingYourPackage.API\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\huy.nguyenvan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PingYourPackage\PingYourPackage.API\obj\Debug\PingYourPackage.API.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\huy.nguyenvan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PingYourPackage\PingYourPackage.API\obj\Debug\PingYourPackage.API.dll
c:\users\huy.nguyenvan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PingYourPackage\PingYourPackage.API\obj\Debug\PingYourPackage.API.pdb
c:\users\huy.nguyenvan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PingYourPackage\PingYourPackage.API\bin\Debug\PingYourPackage.API.dll.config
c:\users\huy.nguyenvan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PingYourPackage\PingYourPackage.API\bin\Debug\Autofac.dll
c:\users\huy.nguyenvan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PingYourPackage\PingYourPackage.API\bin\Debug\Autofac.Integration.WebApi.dll
c:\users\huy.nguyenvan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PingYourPackage\PingYourPackage.API\bin\Debug\Autofac.xml
c:\users\huy.nguyenvan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PingYourPackage\PingYourPackage.API\bin\Debug\Autofac.Integration.WebApi.xml
C:\Users\huy.nguyenvan\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PingYourPackage\PingYourPackage.API\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\huy.nguyenvan\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PingYourPackage\PingYourPackage.API\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\huy.nguyenvan\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PingYourPackage\PingYourPackage.API\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\huy.nguyenvan\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PingYourPackage\PingYourPackage.API\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\huy.nguyenvan\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PingYourPackage\PingYourPackage.API\bin\Debug\PingYourPackage.Domain.dll
C:\Users\huy.nguyenvan\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PingYourPackage\PingYourPackage.API\bin\Debug\PingYourPackage.Domain.pdb
C:\Users\huy.nguyenvan\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PingYourPackage\PingYourPackage.API\bin\Debug\WebApiDoodle.Net.Http.dll
C:\Users\huy.nguyenvan\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PingYourPackage\PingYourPackage.API\bin\Debug\WebApiDoodle.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\huy.nguyenvan\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PingYourPackage\PingYourPackage.API\bin\Debug\WebApiDoodle.Web.dll
C:\Users\huy.nguyenvan\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PingYourPackage\PingYourPackage.API\bin\Debug\WebApiDoodle.Web.Meta.dll
C:\Users\huy.nguyenvan\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PingYourPackage\PingYourPackage.API\bin\Debug\WebApiDoodle.Net.Http.xml
C:\Users\huy.nguyenvan\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PingYourPackage\PingYourPackage.API\bin\Debug\WebApiDoodle.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\huy.nguyenvan\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PingYourPackage\PingYourPackage.API\bin\Debug\WebApiDoodle.Web.xml
C:\Users\huy.nguyenvan\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PingYourPackage\PingYourPackage.API\bin\Debug\WebApiDoodle.Web.Meta.xml
C:\Users\huy.nguyenvan\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PingYourPackage\PingYourPackage.API\bin\Debug\PingYourPackage.API.Model.dll
C:\Users\huy.nguyenvan\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PingYourPackage\PingYourPackage.API\bin\Debug\WebApiDoodle.Net.Http.Client.Model.dll
C:\Users\huy.nguyenvan\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PingYourPackage\PingYourPackage.API\bin\Debug\PingYourPackage.API.Model.pdb
C:\Users\huy.nguyenvan\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PingYourPackage\PingYourPackage.API\bin\Debug\WebApiDoodle.Net.Http.Client.Model.xml
C:\Users\huy.nguyenvan\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PingYourPackage\PingYourPackage.API\bin\Debug\WebApiDoodle.Net.Http.Client.dll
C:\Users\huy.nguyenvan\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PingYourPackage\PingYourPackage.API\bin\Debug\WebApiDoodle.Net.Http.Client.xml
